v7.5.1: ticdc: fix pulsar sink documentation error (#16557) (#16562)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-pulsar.md

* You need to specify the `protocol` parameter when creating a changefeed. Currently, only the `canal-json` protocol is supported for replicating data to Pulsar.
* The `pulsar-producer-cache-size` parameter indicates the number of producers cached in the Pulsar client. Because each producer in Pulsar can only correspond to one topic, TiCDC adopts the LRU method to cache producers, and the default limit is 10240. If the number of topics you need to replicate is larger than the default value, you need to increase the number.

### TLS encrypted transmission

> Starting from v7.5.1 and v8.0.0, TiCDC supports TLS encrypted transmission for Pulsar. The configuration example is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For v7.5.1 and later v7.5 patch versions, TiCDC supports TLS encrypted transmission for Pulsar. The configuration example is as follows:
```

    token-from-file="/data/pulsar/token-file.txt"
    ```

- mTLS authentication

    Sink URI: 

    ```shell
    --sink-uri="pulsar+ssl://127.0.0.1:6651/persistent://public/default/yktest?protocol=canal-json"
    ```

    Config parameters: 

    ```toml
    [sink.pulsar-config]
    # Certificate path of the Pulsar mTLS authentication
    auth-tls-certificate-path="/data/pulsar/certificate"
    # Private key path of the Pulsar mTLS authentication
    auth-tls-private-key-path="/data/pulsar/certificate.key"
    # Path to the trusted certificate file of the Pulsar mTLS authentication
    tls-trust-certs-file-path="/data/pulsar/tls-trust-certs-file"
    ```

- OAuth2 authentication

>     Starting from v7.5.1 and v8.0.0, TiCDC supports the OAuth2 authentication for Pulsar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For v7.5.1 and later v7.5 patch versions, TiCDC supports the OAuth2 authentication for Pulsar.
```
